# Software-Security

In this project, I was placed into a scenario in which I worked as a developer for a software engineer company called Global Rain. Global Rain assigned me to work with one of their clients, Artemis Financial, to modernize their operations by implementing the most current and effective software security measures into their existing software in order to protect their client data and financial information. In order to do this, I had to learn how to identify vulnerabilities by examining codebase and using secure coding principles to eliminate potential entry point attacks. It is important that we code securely in order to prevent unauthorized data access and mitigate potential security breaches. Having sound software security ultimately helps a company protect its clients, aids in building a strong reputation as well as protects the company's assets which all directly impact a company's success. I would say the learning curve of understanding how to analyze vulnerabilities within a software and deciphering real threats against false-positives was the biggest challenge I encountered through this course. In order to increase layers of security for the software, I integrated data encryption and secure communication  with certificate verification into my projects. Following this class and moving forward into the future, I plan to assess vulnerabilities through static analysis tools along with manual code review to identify potential threats in my software and I would decide how to mitigate threats identified by following industry best standards. In order to ensure that my refactored code was working appropriately and was secure, I executed a number of trail and error testing. I first ensured that I could get the software to function as I intedned the software to function and after I had the software function properly, I then reviewed all of the code for any security concerns. Throughout this assignment and moving forward with future assignments, I plan to lean on OWASP guidelines, SSL certification standards and various other open source resources as I found them all to be incredibly helpful. For future employers, I hope to show them that I am capable of conducting a vulnerability assesment, implement secure communication mechanisms and apply secure coding that is consistent with industry best practices. 
